# Payroll-Tracker
Payroll Tracker Module 3 Challenge
Alright, here we go. I got the starter code and cloned everything and did a first commit just to get it put up into my Github. 
I looked up how to ask for user prompts and I added the code to that first function asking for the prompts. I ran the browser and it did not do anything. Then I remembered that writing functions doesn't actually do anything. You have to call the function! So, I called the function and ran the browser again and the pop up windows came up asking for the prompts! Time for another Git push. I read documentation and learned that => is a more concise way to write function. Honestly it makes sense visually. It's kind of intuitive. I'm in a group study session right now with two other students and we are talking each other through what we are trying to do and reading documentation to each other. I got the thing to take input and I wrote the for loop to calculate the salaries. I'm good at for loops. To me that's the part of JS that I really get. I had the for loop iterate through the employeesArray to add up the salaries and then divide for the average. That was a lot of work. Time for another git push. For the random employee section, I referenced the mini project we did last week in class for the rock paper scissors game. That is when I learned about the math.floor and Math.random. I just realized I have been using the .LocaleString method wrong, because I did not call it with the parenthesis. That would make the number not format. I am going to fix it. I went to office hours today and Instructor Andrew Bautista helped me clean up my code a little. He had me do the arrays as const instead of let. And he had me make a variable instead of hard coding the function for adding a new employee. 